Document server boost progress bar (#4001)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/resources/Guild.md

| nsfw_level                    | integer                                                                                 | [guild NSFW level](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object-guild-nsfw-level)                                                                     |
| stage_instances? \*           | array of [stage instance](#DOCS_RESOURCES_STAGE_INSTANCE/stage-instance-object) objects | Stage instances in the guild                                                                                                                |
| stickers?                     | array of [sticker](#DOCS_RESOURCES_STICKER/sticker-object) objects                      | custom guild stickers                                                                                                                       |

> | premium_progress_bar_enabled  | boolean                                                                                 | true if server boosts progress bar is enabled

Reviewer: You're missing a | at the end.

But rest is LGTM.

> | premium_progress_bar_enabled  | boolean                                                                                 | true if server boosts progress bar is enabled                                                                                               |

Reviewer 2: Think this would be a more accurate description, please make the required spacing changes
```suggestion
| premium_progress_bar_enabled  | boolean                                                                                 | whether the guild has the boost progress bar enabled                                                                                               |
```

| preferred_locale              | ?string                                                                             | the preferred locale of a Community guild used in server discovery and notices from Discord; defaults to "en-US"             |
| features                      | array of [guild feature](#DOCS_RESOURCES_GUILD/guild-object-guild-features) strings | enabled guild features                                                                                                       |
| description                   | ?string                                                                             | the description for the guild, if the guild is discoverable                                                                  |

> | premium_progress_bar_enabled  | boolean                                                                             | whether the boosts progress bar should be enabled.                                                                           |

Reviewer 2: Please make the required spacing changes
```suggestion
| premium_progress_bar_enabled  | boolean                                                                             | whether the guild's boost progress bar should be enabled.                                                                           |
```
